Updated the lutris install (#5)
budderpard/DCS_Standalone_on_linux: README.md

There are [two install scripts
for standalone](https://lutris.net/games/dcs-world/) on Lutris
![Lutris Install Scripts](images/DCS.openbeta.png)

> I used the latter labeled Standalone Open Beta version, but they both should work as DCS no longer has an "OpenBeta" and I believe that the install scripts may be borked. this will download, the DCS updater and you should install the game.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I used the latter labeled Standalone Open Beta version, but they both should work as DCS no longer has an "OpenBeta" Using non-OB installer requires d3dcompiler_47.dll be added to the prefix. Currently DCS has no OB branch, so installing with OB will just install the stable branch. this will download, the DCS updater and you should install the game.
```

### Getting it working with Lutris
This step should be by the lutris installer, but check just in case.

> Start the game once first to create the prefix(here for an explination of what a prefix is), then use lutris's Winetricks to add these .dll and font.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start the game once first to create the ([prefix](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/Wine#WinePREFIX), then use lutris's Winetricks to add these .dll and font.
```

vcrun2019(optional causes issues) corefonts xact d3dcompiler_47

you can open Winetricks in lutris by clicking on DCS Do not open, 1 LMB click only, then click on the Wine glass at the bottom of the screen

> Winetricks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Winetricks](images/Winetricks.png)
```
